Full job description
FLÜD is Hiring - Please read carefully before applying

Role: Data Analyst

Area(s)of Concentration: Core Marketing Analytics

Objective: To analyze and interpret marketing data to provide actionable insights that drive strategic decisions and optimize marketing performance

About FLÜD:

FLÜD is building an innovative platform for the fuel and automotive service industries in Nigeria. We are revolutionizing the customer experience through our on-demand, technology-driven services. With rapid growth and ambitious expansion plans, we are looking for experienced professionals to help drive our business forward.

What you’ll do:

Collect and analyze data from various marketing channels and campaign projects
Develop and maintain marketing dashboards and reports
Identify trends and patterns in data to inform marketing strategies.
Create and sustain all marketing metrics, trackable funnels, and data visualization processes
Collaborate with marketing teams to measure campaign effectiveness and ROMI.
Provide insights and recommendations based on data analysis.
Stay updated with the latest data analysis tools and techniques to ensure data accuracy and integrity.
Collaborate with the marketing team on other tasks assigned on project basis
What you should have:

Bachelor’s degree in Data Science, Statistics, Marketing, or a related field.
3+ years of experience in data analysis, preferably in a marketing context.
Proficiency in data analysis tools and software (Excel, SQL, Python, etc.).
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Ability to translate complex data into actionable insights.
Excellent communication and presentation skills.
Attention to detail and accuracy.
Where you’ll work: Remote

Performance indicators:

Accuracy and reliability of data analysis and associated tools or systems
Quality and relevance of insights and recommendations.
Timeliness of reporting and analysis.
Impact of data-driven decisions on marketing performance.
Efficacy and frequency of staff trainings in data analytics
Feedback from marketing teams and stakeholders
What we are offering:

An opportunity to be part of a founding team; create from scratch, scale and grow with Flud
A fast-paced environment
Apply here https://bit.ly/fludrecruitment

Job Type: Full-time

&nbsp;